# BenevolentlyAsk
Manifestation. The Secret Eat Pray Love Ask Believe Receive  If your are familiar with these books and concepts you are familiar with getting what you want and need with enough positive thought. A friend of mine can manifest anything she desires. She has had a hard life but is incredibly positive. Asking the universe for things and to help is easy if you ask for the right thing. Your ask has to be positive in every regard or the universe will manifest something skewed. Remember the Universe is logical and precise. for Example:  I want to lose weight. This is negative because the word lose is negative.  I want to be healthy is positive. Keep this in mind when you use this app. Make all words positive.  I call this app benevolently ask because my mother always told me benevolent is very spiritual and reserved to talk with angels. Say benevolent to yourself or even out loud. You will feel the power of the word in your being. I use this word in my own manifestations and my app gives an example. I benevolently ask... This gives your ask more positive spiritual juice so to speak.   So you have the ask all set up, really thought out and you post it in my app. Here is where the power comes in. I have always felt that if all 7 billion people in the world all asked and believed for the same thing at the same time it wouldn't have a choice but manifest instantaneously. That is a lot of positive brain power. With this in mind, I decided just one person asking for something is hard, but what if a broadcast was sent to a lot of users. They all looked at your ask closed their eyes and believed you would get it slicing the I believe button, the same principle would happen. It would have more positive thought to manifest your ask and get it more efficiently.   After this you just have to receive it. In your asks, click the received button so others know they helped. All my apps are to help humanity in some way. I benevolently ask that this app helps many people across the world to get what they need and want.  Note: there is a time limit in between asks, so if your post does not show wait for some time. Remember you can't have everything :-)
